White Views on Academic Merit Change with Competition
白人对学习成绩的观点随着竞争而改变

How much do you think Grade Point Average should factor into university admission decisions? Depends on race, actually. At least that's what one survey suggests.
你认为GPA在大学招生过程中应该起到多重要的作用呢？实际上，这取决于你的种族。至少一项调查是这样显示的。
The University of California Survey Research Center randomly dialed nearly 600 white adults within the state. They asked half the respondents how important GPA should be in determining admissions to the UC system. They asked the other half the same question, but prefaced it with the fact that Asians make up nearly 40 percent of the UC student body—three times their share of the state's population.
加州大学调查研究中心随机拨打了大约600个本州的成年白人。他们询问了受访者GPA在决定是否进入加州大学应该有多重要。对另一组人也问了相同的问题，但是在问问题之前陈述了亚裔在加州大学中占40%的事实——这个百分比是他们在加州人口比例的三倍。
Turns out the white group aware of the population Asian placed less importance on GPA—presumably, says sociologist Frank Samson, because they felt that that particular measure of merit was benefiting Asian students and not them. Samson presented the findings at a recent meeting of the American Sociological Association in New York. [Frank L. Samson, Multiple Group Threat and Malleable White Attitudes Towards Academic Merit, in Du Bois Review: Social Science Research on Race]
结果发现意识到亚裔竞争的白人种群降低了GPA的重要性——也就是社会学家Frank Samson所说的，他们感觉到这种度量标准让亚裔人受益而非他们。Samson将这项发现发表在a recent meeting of the American Sociological Association in New York. [Frank L. Samson, Multiple Group Threat and Malleable White Attitudes Towards Academic Merit, in Du Bois Review: Social Science Research on Race]

There's one twist: when respondents were asked to consider competition by blacks as well as Asians, they went back to upping the importance of GPA, possibly to exclude black students they presumed would score lower. All of which suggests our opinions about academic merit may be more biased than we'd like to admit.
吊诡的是：当受访者同时考虑黑人和亚裔的竞争时，他们又将GPA的重要性拉高，而如果不考虑黑人学生时他们会将GPA的重要性定的低一些。这些都表明我们对学习成绩的观点可能存在很多偏见而我们不愿承认。
